net income
good have you ever stopped to observe some day how people are so through the streets
apprehensive
the always loaded countenance being produced translates into intimate anguish
the problem in which they are immersed
at times the impression one has is that most managers
also vital interior 'constant
and we ask
where the serenity
especially of those of us who bear the adjective of Christians
will we have these
been resort action of jesus
his care is enough every day and that other
for God dresses the grass of the field that is there today, and the morning
forum
how much more the voice the month of little faith
It is for this reason that Divine Providence regularly allows its
missionaries to visit the earth in human bodies and in the
various work fronts
we remember that in 1958 the world witnessed the possession of another pair
the pomegranate cardinals found
a successor to pio 12 who die after directing the destinies of the catholic church
for 19 years
at 77 years andy wood and the ct roncali assume the papacy with the name of john 23
angelo roncalli was a man who always had favorable impacts on the
people
clearly recognized its limitations and was endowed with a ship with a sense of
humor
surprising for the courage to inaugurate debates on themes and untouchables until
So
in a document or asserted that all men have the right to choose their own
efficiency
in 1960 in one of his writings
he recorded a page with a remarkable sense of universal religiosity
is called
the decalogue of serenity and with tendencies of conduct towards the
man who wants ducks
I'll try to think only of today.
exclusively on this day
without wanting to solve
all the problems of my life I had one time
only
I will try to take the utmost care in my coexistence
courteous in my ways
but no one criticizes me or pretend to improve or correct force anyone
families
just in the east
I will be happy in the certainty that I was created for happiness
not only in the body
but also
already this
fourth
just today
adapt what under what circumstances you do not want all the
circumstances to suit my wishes
only
I'll dedicate 10 minutes tulio kahn there is a good reading reminding that as well as
food necessary for the life of the body
the reader is required for vidal
friday
only three
I will do a good deed and I will not tell anyone
7th
just today
fable - something I can not do
and if I feel offended in my feelings, I'll try to make sure no one leaves.
8a
criminals
implement a detailed program
perhaps
I do not buy perfectly
but at least writing in
and escape from two larger
the rush
and he does not need
just today
I will firmly believe
although circumstances show otherwise
that God's providence and his body
as if no one else existed
from above
just today
I will have no fear
especially not to be afraid to show what is beautiful
and decreed equality
think about it
the man of the future who defines the achievements of the virtues of the
gift
I discovered an immense pleasure
the mano and that took 20 to condominiums without distinction of race children sindi
because in all men
aveiro will be the
think about it
but to win
each one